Quick and simple: How can i extract "some content" and "click me" with xpath on python? So far i have the following ( extract only "some content" from href results): Thanks in adavance. You can only select one or the other using XPath, but you could select all   elements and then pick off the   attribute and text content like this: 
By posting your answer, you agree to the   and  . asked viewed 
			                         
			                     activeThe core goal of Stack Exchange is education. Everything we build is geared toward helping people learn from one another — not just the nuts and bolts of their profession or passion, but the universal skills of how to better communicate and learn. As we’ve grown as a company, we’ve benefited from many resources to assist in educating developers out of our office space, including hosting   and partnering with the Flatiron School and Fog Creek for a  . Today, we’re excited to announce our partnership with the  , Mayor de Blasio’s new initiative designed to increase the number of qualified candidates for open tech positions in New York City. The city has brought together   and asked us to do two things: On the first point, we’re excited that our VP of Engineering, David Fullerton, will be sitting in on quarterly meetings with other tech industry leaders convened by Mayor de Blasio, where we hope we can help to represent the developer voice and to share what skills and technologies we know are most in-demand. For the second, we’ve already brought in a bunch of (awesome) NYC companies — including Trello, Kickstarter, Foursquare, Tumblr, and Control Group — who will build and teach a new curriculum of programmer “soft skills” to graduates of public computer science programs in New York (starting with the CUNY system) that will better equip them as professional developers. The goal is to make sure that anyone in this city with a passion for technology, no matter who they are or what neighborhood they grew up in, can get the mentoring, training, and support they need to succeed as a developer. As you probably know, there’s a vast disparity between open tech jobs and qualified developers in today’s market. At last count, there are   for every one job-seeking developer. With New York City’s current tech job count teetering at around 300,000 job openings, we need to increase the number of good candidates or a lot of  websites aren’t going to get built. The city needs developers. And this happens to be an area that we know a thing or two about. Our goal is to support and empower developers, no matter where they may be in their programming careers. Despite our well-known  , our founder has always been a particular proponent of building great places in New  York for those developers who  . Like many tech companies, we’ve been giving a lot of thought to how we can promote inclusion, both internally and in the tech community as a whole. We don’t pretend to have figured it all out, but this is just one thing we’re excited to share. As always, we welcome any ideas you may have.   Welcome to Stack Exchange Podcast #62, recorded live on January 20th–with a  . Today’s podcast was brought to you by the American Venture Capital Association. With you today are our hosts Jay Hanlon, David Fullerton, and Joel Spolsky. Let’s jump right in: we made  ! Andreessen Horowitz has invested a pile of money in our little company so we can improve our ‘programmer forums’. Precisely none of the pile of money is going into Jay’s raise, but one of those dollars  . So, the (forty) million dollar question:  
 We intend to (continue) spending money on  . Our goal is to  , and we want to do that without selling crazy-takeover-animated-bonzaibuddy-ads that feel like reading a newspaper on the subway (according to Joel), so we’re getting money from investors instead. How are we going to make this happen? We plan to revisit the developer side of the Careers equation and figure out how to make that better. More features to let programmers search and filter for interesting jobs, update the way profiles work, etc. – more of the stuff we were going to work on anyway. Careers is already a very developer-focused product: we limit the things our employers can do heavily based on what drives programmers nuts. For example, we only let employers contact a limited number of candidates  , and we disallow contingency recruiters. (A pox on all of their houses.)  You can get a Careers profile  . We filter the applications to make sure only real programmers end up with profiles on Careers. Time to take some questions from the peanut gallery! Well, a few bits. This cash will allow us to hire more designers, so more sites can graduate and get beautiful site designs. We’ll get to hire more people to hit more of our goals at the same time. For example, one of the things we’re actively working on now is   on Q&A sites. Have we mentioned lately that  ? Our most urgent need is for product managers, and you can apply for that job even if you’ve never had ‘product manager’ in your job title before.
 And we’re out of questions. So what else is going on these days?   And some  . How about new features? We’re experimenting with   to help sort questions into “hopeless and needs to be burninated” and “could be passable with some editing” buckets. Things in the triage queue won’t show up on the homepage until they’ve been approved.  . Joel wants to sign off, but first make sure you check out  . (Since this podcast was recorded,   has also graduated with a slick new theme.) Thanks for wasting an hour on the Stack Exchange Podcast Episode #62, brought to you by the American Venture Capital Association.   Stack Overflow Careers was announced   with a simple mission statement: We believe that  To help you find a job you love, we need to match you with the right job at the right time. We do that by  , and by showing you relevant job ads from our   on Stack Overflow. With   that advertise on Stack Overflow Careers, we’re getting closer to our goal of having a great job for every developer. Until today, the job ads that we show on Stack Overflow were pretty stupid: they targeted solely based on location, and ignored all the other information about what you’re looking for and what kind of job it is. They didn’t even care about whether the job was in a technology that you were interested in. So today* we’re launching the first step in showing you jobs that we think are an actual match for you. Many of you will start noticing that the jobs you see aren’t just in your area, but are related to the question you’re viewing, a question you’ve answered, or something you’ve asked about. We’re using this little bit of data, along with the location data we were already using, to predict what type of job you’re more likely to want to apply to. We then do some  based on this information to target mobile jobs at mobile devs, front-end web development jobs at front-end devs, and even more complex stuff based on technology stack and specific tags. It’s difficult to show you an example of a targeted ad. We haven’t changed much about the ad design or even how the job is displayed in the ads. However, we   show you the other side, how the employer is targeting their jobs. This is all organized into three tiers of targeting criteria: It’s really that simple. Once employers fill out a targeting profile for a job, we’ll try and predict which of those jobs you’ll be interested in. Hopefully this doesn’t change much about how you use Stack Overflow in your daily life. Job ads are only a small part of our page content, but we hope this launch will improve your odds of seeing the right job opportunity at the right time. So far it appears to be working. Initial testing of targeted jobs over the past few months have demonstrated significant progress toward our goal of showing relevant job ads to each developer, as clickthrough rates increased 21-30%. Not bad for a V1! We also want to let you know exactly how we’re targeting jobs, so our newly created data team will be talking about building out the infrastructure for this project, and all the details of what went into it. You can follow these posts on   starting today.   will also be adding to this series later this week and next. Additionally, if you want to see your personal prediction data, or if you want to disable predictions, you can do that from the  . If you want more details on how this works for employers, go visit our  . If you want to dive right in, you can post a job now and  . And if you already have a job running, you can edit it to add targeting for the rest of its run. That’s it! As always, if you have questions or comments feel free to post on  .   (Note: This is a   from  ).  Today   is pleased to announce that we have raised $40 million, mostly from  . Everybody wants to know what we’re going to do with all that money. First of all, of course we’re going to gold-plate the Aeron chairs in the office. Then we’re going to upgrade the game room, and we’re already sending lox platters to our highest-rep users. But I’ll get into that in a minute. First, let me catch everyone up on what’s happening at Stack Exchange. In 2008,   and I set out to fix a problem for programmers. At the time, getting answers to programming questions online was super annoying. The answers that we needed were hidden behind paywalls, or buried in thousands of pages of stale forums. So we set out to build   with a single-minded, compulsive, fanatical obsession with serving programmers by building a better Q&A site. Everything about how Stack Overflow works today was designed to make programmers’ jobs easier. We let members vote up answers, so we can show you the best answer first. We don’t allow opinionated questions, because they descend into flame wars that don’t help people who need an answer right now. We have scrupulously avoided any commercialization of our editorial content, because we want to have a site that programmers can trust. Heck, we don’t even allow animated ads, even though they are totally standard on every other site on the Internet, because it would be disrespectful to programmers to strain their delicate eyes with a dancing monkey, and we can’t serve them 100% if we are distracting them with a monkey. That would only be serving them 98%. And we’re OBSESSED, so 98% is like, we might as well close this all down and go drive taxis in Las Vegas. Anyway, it worked! Entirely thanks to you. An insane number of developers stepped up to pass on their knowledge and help others. Stack Overflow quickly grew into the largest, most trusted repository of programming knowledge in the world. Quickly, Jeff and I discovered that serving programmers required more than just code-related questions, so we built   and  . And when that still didn’t satisfy your needs, we set up   so the community could create sites on new topics. Now when a programmer has to set up a server, or a PC, or a database, or Ubuntu, or an iPhone, they have a place to go to ask those questions that are full of the people who can actually help them do it. But you know how programmers are. They “have babies.”  Or “take pictures of babies.” So our users started building Stack Exchange sites on unrelated topics, like   and  , because the programmers we were serving expected—nay, demanded!—a place as awesome as Stack Overflow to ask about baby feeding schedules and f-stops and whatnot. And we did such a good job of serving programmers that a few smart non-programmers looked at us and said, “Behold! I want that!” and we thought, hey!  What works for developers should work for a lot of other people, too, as long as they’re willing to think like developers, which is the best way to think. So, we decided that anybody who wants to get with the program is welcome to join in our plan. And these sites serve their own communities of, you know,  , or what have you, and make the world safer for the Programmer Way Of Thinking and thus serve programmers by serving bicycle mechanics. In the five years since then, our users have built 133 communities. Stack Overflow is still the biggest. It reminds me of those medieval maps of the ancient world. The kind that shows a big bustling city (Jerusalem) smack dab in the middle, with a few smaller settlements around the periphery. (Please imagine Gregorian chamber music). View of Jerusalem Stack Overflow is the big city in the middle. Because the programmer-city worked so well, people wanted to ask questions about other subjects, so we let them build other Q&A villages in the catchment area of the programmer-city. Some of these Q&A villages became cities of their own. The     barely even have any programmers and they speak their own weird language. They are math-Jerusalem. They make us very proud. Even though they don’t directly serve programmers, we love them and they bring a little tear to our eyes, like the other little villages, and they’re certainly making the Internet—and the world—better, so we’re devoted to them. One of these days some of those villages will be big cities, so we’re committed to keeping them clean, and pulling the weeds, and helping them grow. But let’s go back to programmer Jerusalem, which—as you might expect—is full of devs milling about, building the ENTIRE FUTURE of the HUMAN RACE, because, after all,   and writing software is just writing a script for how the future will play out. So given the importance of software and programmers, you might think they all had wonderful, satisfying jobs that they love. But sadly, we saw that was not universal. Programmers often have crappy jobs, and their bosses often poke them with sharp sticks. They are underpaid, and they aren’t learning things, and they are sometimes overqualified, and sometimes underqualified. So we decided we could actually make all the programmers happier if we could move them into better jobs. That’s why we built  . This was the first site that was built for developers, not recruiters. We banned the scourge of contingency recruiters (even if they have big bank accounts and are just LINING UP at the Zion Gate trying to get into our city to feed on programmer meat, but, to hell with them). We are SERVING PROGRAMMERS, not spammers. Bye Felicia. The sites are still growing like crazy. By our measurements, the Stack Exchange network is already in the top 50 of all US websites, ranked by number of unique visitors, with traffic still growing at 25% annually. The company itself has passed 200 employees worldwide, with big plush offices in Denver, New York, and London, and dozens of amazing people who work from the comfort of their own homes. (By the way, if 200 people seems like a lot, keep in mind that more than half of them are working on Stack Overflow Careers). We could just slow down our insane hiring pace and get profitable right now, but it would mean foregoing some of the investments that let us help more developers. To be honest, we literally can’t keep up with the features we want to build for our users. The code is not done yet—we’re dedicating a lot of resources to the core Q&A engine. This year we’ll work on improving the experience for both new users and highly experienced users. And let’s not forget Stack Overflow Careers. I believe it is, bar-none, the single best job board for developer candidates, which should  automatically make it the best place for employers to find developer talent. There’s a LOT more to be done to serve developers here and we’re just getting warmed up. So that’s why we took this new investment of $40m. We’re ecstatic to have Andreessen Horowitz on board. The partners there believe in our idea of programmers taking over (it was Marc Andreessen who coined the phrase “Software is eating the world”). Chris Dixon has been a personal investor in the company since the beginning and has always known we’d be the obvious winner in the Q&A category, and will be joining our board of directors as an observer. This is not the first time we’ve raised money; we’re proud to have previously taken investments from Union Square Ventures, Index Ventures, Spark Capital, and Bezos Expeditions. We only take outside money when we are 100% confident that the investors share our philosophy completely and after our lawyers have done a ruthless (sorry, investors) job of maintaining control so that it is literally impossible for anyone to mess up our vision of fanatically serving the people who use our site, and continuing to make the Internet a better place to get expert answers to your questions. For those of you who have been with us since the early days of Our Incredible Journey, thank you. For those of you who are new, welcome. And if you want to learn more, check out our  . Or  !     There was a time where it seemed like we barely even needed to talk about this: Joel had  , the Internet agreed that private offices were the future, and only incompetent management (or a tight budget) was still putting developers in cubicle farms. A glorious future lay before us. 
 Unfortunately, that’s not quite how it turned out. Open plans have been surprisingly hard to kill, despite research showing that they’re  ,  , and  . The response so far seems to have been to double down and make it, if anything, worse: cubicles are now decidedly un-cool so no-wall open offices are all the rage, and Facebook brags that its new building will be  , consisting of a single,   open room. The result is that today Stack Exchange is decidedly lonely if not quite alone in offering private offices to our developers (at least the half who work in the office; the other half  ). Suddenly we’re the ones who look a bit old-fashioned: isn’t that the old-school Microsoft approach? Doesn’t it make us less creative? How can we stay fast and agile if people keep disappearing into offices  ? We’re pretty sure it doesn’t do any of these things, and in fact we believe it has a lot to do with how we think about work and our developers. ’s management philosophy is deceptively simple: hire smart people who get things done, and  . The role of management is to give the people who actually do the work — the developers, designers, sysadmins, etc. — all the tools they need to get their jobs done, and then trust them to do the job! This means we give you the space and expect you to find your own rhythm of work. With a private office, you’re in control of your space and attention: you can choose when to close the door and avoid interruptions, and when to go play  , talk with coworkers or work out of the  . In an open office you’re at the mercy of the people around you: if they’re talking, the best you can do is crank up your headphones and hope to drown them out, and if they’re playing foosball then good luck. Everybody has their own rhythm. People come in at different times, take breaks at different times, need to socialize at different times, and have their most productive hours at different times. Management’s job is to accommodate that and create a space where all those conflicting needs don’t congeal into a persistent hum of distraction —   to enforce some top-down ideal of openness and creativity. Private offices put the people who do the actual work  . 
 We are an online company: we’ve been remote from day one and still to this day over half of the team (aside from sales) works from home. The only way to make that work is to keep the nexus of activity online: in chat rooms, Google Hangouts, Trello boards, etc. This keeps everyone on equal footing, whether you’re in the office or working from home. Want to know what’s going on? Just check Trello and chat. Don’t go hang out around the watercooler. This creates a magnificent culture of non-distraction. Whenever we get a new hire in the office, I make it a point to sit down with them in their first week and explain that they  . Instead, ping them in chat and then jump on a hangout. The result is exactly the sort of culture that open offices are supposed to promote but better: This really is the best of both worlds, and one of the reasons that I’m a big advocate of   even if nobody works remote. And a big part of what makes it possible if you’re working out of an office is having a door you can close so you’re not distracting your coworkers. 
 The result is that we get a lot of work done and individuals are fantastically productive. The only thing missing is to make sure that we’re facilitating those cross-team connections that open offices pretend to get you for free. We solve that in a few simple ways: daily lunch together in the office, weekly “Beer Bashes”, and an annual company meetup. Joel has written a lot about   and we’re still big believers in it. Some people get a little weirded out by this so I’ll clarify: lunch together is not required, but anyone who skipped it completely would be missing out on some great food. At Stack Exchange HQ in New York we’re lucky enough to have a   and our own   and the results are pretty amazing. Eating lunch together every day is a great way to connect with coworkers you wouldn’t otherwise have talked to, though it doesn’t quite tie in the remote employees which is what makes the other approaches so important. Friday “Beer Bashes” have long been another in-office tradition: grab a tasty beverage (alcoholic or not, nobody really cares) and hang out with some of your esteemed colleagues on Friday afternoon before taking off for the weekend. Recently we’ve been experimenting with Remote Beer Bashes via Google Hangouts, with some  . Now even the remote people can join in and have some fun, even if it’s   or   in their time zones. Finally we have an  . We could write a whole post on this, but one of the points we make every year is that the primary goal of the meetup is to meet people and hang out — any work done is merely a side benefit. This last year we had a pretty great mix of  ,  , and a strange obsession with   (oh, and an impromptu   when we were hit with a novel DDoS attack). The whole thing was a huge success (even the war room) and really got a lot of different teams talking to each other and solving problems together. 
 Now, of course, the caveat: this is what works for us, and we understand it’s not for everyone. Maybe some places really are more creative because they have open plans. We don’t actually even give   private offices: some people are doubled up in offices, and the sales and marketing teams sit in larger open spaces because they feel that’s an important part of how they work. But it’s continually astonishing to me that more companies aren’t talking about private offices for developers, and that open plans have become the expected norm in the industry. At the very least we should be considering all the benefits that private offices provide. Oh, and did I mention  ? If this sounds like the kind of place you’d like to work — whether out of the office or from home —   across all three offices and remote. In closing, I’ll leave you with a few choice pictures of our office. If you’d like to explore more, check out the  . We also have sales offices in   and   which you can check out. 
 
 
 
 Oh, and if you’re worried about our remote developers, we make sure to set them up with some pretty sweet equipment too: 
 
 
   Stack Exchange © 2015  are licensed under a  .
             
        
                             
                             
                         
                             
                             
                         
                             
                             
                         
By registering, you agree to the   and  . 
                            Open ID is a service that allows you to log on to many different websites using a single identity. Find out   and  .

                         Because JavaScript is disabled, you can only sign up by entering your OpenID URL manually:
                             
                             
                         
                             
                             
                         
                             
                             
                         
                            Open ID is a service that allows you to log on to many different websites using a single identity. Find out   and  .
                         Because JavaScript is disabled, you can only log in by entering your OpenID URL manually:
                             
                             
                         
                             
                             
                         
                             
                             
                         
By registering, you agree to the   and  . 
                            Open ID is a service that allows you to log on to many different websites using a single identity. Find out   and  .

                         Because JavaScript is disabled, you can only sign up by entering your OpenID URL manually:
                             
                             
                         
                             
                             
                         
                             
                             
                         
                            Open ID is a service that allows you to log on to many different websites using a single identity. Find out   and  .
                         Because JavaScript is disabled, you can only log in by entering your OpenID URL manually:
                    Stack Exchange, Inc. 
                    110 William St, 28th Floor 
                    New York, NY 10038 
                    USA
                 
                                 
                     
                     
                     
                 site design / logo © 2015 stack exchange, inc; user contributions licensed under   with The Stack Exchange Network is the easiest way to get expert answers to your questions. We created it to give everyone a chance to be recognized by their peers: recognized for their knowledge, their passion, and their willingness to help others get better at the things they are passionate about. We do ask that you treat our service and community with respect. Spam, personal attacks, and abusive language do not have a place on the Stack Exchange Network. If you ever stumble across anything on the Stack Exchange Network that looks like it violates our policies, please be sure to  . The Stack Exchange Network (the “Network”) is a set of related Internet sites and other applications for questions and answers, owned and operated by Stack Exchange Inc. (“Stack Exchange”), a Delaware corporation. Please read these terms of service (“Agreement”) carefully before using the Network or any services provided on the Network (collectively, “Services”). By using or accessing the Services, you agree to become bound by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, do not use the Services. The Services are accessed by You (“Subscriber” or “You”) under the following terms and conditions: Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Stack Exchange may offer to provide the Services, as described more fully on the Network, and which are selected by Subscriber, solely for Subscriber’s own use, and not for the use or benefit of any third party. Services shall include, but not be limited to, any services Stack Exchange performs for Subscriber, as well as the offering of any Content (as defined below) on the Network. Stack Exchange may change, suspend or discontinue the Services at any time, including the availability of any feature, database, or Content. Stack Exchange may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict Subscriber’s access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability. Stack Exchange reserves the right, at its discretion, to modify these Terms of Service at any time by posting revised Terms of Service on the Network and by providing notice via e-mail, where possible, or on the Network. Subscriber shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications. Use of the Services by Subscriber following such modification constitutes Subscriber's acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as modified. Subscriber certifies to Stack Exchange that Subscriber is an individual (i.e., not a corporate entity) at least 13 years of age. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal information to or on Stack Exchange (including, for example, a name, address, telephone number or email address). Subscriber also certifies that they are legally permitted to use the Services and access the Network, and takes full responsibility for the selection and use of the Services and access of the Network. This Agreement is void where prohibited by law, and the right to access the Network is revoked in such jurisdictions. Stack Exchange makes no claim that the Network may be lawfully viewed or that Content may be downloaded outside of the United States. Access to the Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If You access the Network from outside the United States, You do so at Your own risk and You are responsible for compliance with the laws of Your jurisdiction. Stack Exchange will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the Network and Services are available twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. However, there will be occasions when the Network and/or Services will be interrupted for maintenance, upgrades and repairs or due to failure of telecommunications links and equipment. Every reasonable step will be taken by Stack Exchange to minimize such disruption where it is within Stack Exchange’s reasonable control. You agree that neither Stack Exchange nor the Network will be liable in any event to You or any other party for any suspension, modification, discontinuance or lack of availability of the Network, the service, any Subscriber Content, or other Content. Stack Exchange retains the right to create limits on use and storage in its sole discretion at any time with or without notice. Subscriber shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment or ancillary services needed to connect to, access the Network or otherwise use the Services, including, without limitation, modems, hardware, software, and long distance or local telephone service. Subscriber shall be responsible for ensuring that such equipment or ancillary services are compatible with the Services. The Network and its contents are intended solely for the use of the Network Subscribers and may only be used in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. All materials displayed or performed on the Network, including, but not limited to text, graphics, logos, tools, photographs, images, illustrations, software or source code, audio and video, and animations (collectively, “Content”) (other than Content posted by Subscriber (“Subscriber Content”)) are the property of Stack Exchange and/or third parties and are protected by United States and international copyright laws. The Stack Exchange API shall be used solely pursuant to the terms of the  . All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to Stack Exchange and/or third parties. Subscriber shall abide by all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Services. The Network is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to U.S. copyright laws, international conventions, and other copyright laws. Other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement, Subscriber may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, upload, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as provided in this Section), create derivative works based on, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit, any of the Content, software, materials, or Services in whole or in part. Subscriber may download or copy the Content, and other items displayed on the Network for download, for personal use, provided that Subscriber maintains all copyright and other notices contained in such Content. From time to time, Stack Exchange may make available compilations of all the Subscriber Content on the Network (the “Creative Commons Data Dump”). The   is licensed under the   license. By downloading The Creative Commons Data Dump, You agree to be bound by the terms of that license. Any other downloading, copying, or storing any Content for other than personal, noncommercial use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from Stack Exchange, or from the copyright holder identified in such Content's copyright notice. In the event You download software from the Network, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and the data accompanying the software (collectively, the “Software”) is licensed to You by Stack Exchange or third party licensors for Your personal, noncommercial use, and no title to the Software shall be transferred to You. Stack Exchange or third party licensors retain full and complete title to the Software and all intellectual property rights therein. You agree that all Subscriber Content that You contribute to the Network is perpetually and irrevocably licensed to Stack Exchange under the   license. You grant Stack Exchange the perpetual and irrevocable right and license to use, copy, cache, publish, display, distribute, modify, create derivative works and store such Subscriber Content and to allow others to do so in any medium now known or hereinafter developed (“Content License”) in order to provide the Services, even if such Subscriber Content has been contributed and subsequently removed by You. Subscriber warrants, represents and agrees Subscriber has the right to grant Stack Exchange and the Network the rights set forth above. Subscriber represents, warrants and agrees that it will not contribute any Subscriber Content that (a) infringes, violates or otherwise interferes with any copyright or trademark of another party, (b) reveals any trade secret, unless Subscriber owns the trade secret or has the owner’s permission to post it, (c) infringes any intellectual property right of another or the privacy or publicity rights of another, (d) is libelous, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harassing, hateful, offensive or otherwise violates any law or right of any third party, (e) contains a virus, trojan horse, worm, time bomb or other computer programming routine or engine that is intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or information, or (f) remains posted after Subscriber has been notified that such Subscriber Content violates any of sections (a) to (e) of this sentence. Stack Exchange reserves the right to remove any Subscriber Content from the Network, re-post to the Network any Subscriber Content removed by any Subscriber or former Subscriber, suspend or terminate Subscriber’s right to use the Services at any time, or pursue any other remedy or relief available to Stack Exchange and/or the Network under equity or law, for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Subscriber Content or if Stack Exchange is concerned that Subscriber may have breached the immediately preceding sentence), or for no reason at all. In the event that You post or otherwise use Subscriber Content outside of the Network or Services, with the exception of content entirely created by You, You agree that You will follow the attribution rules of the Creative Commons Attribution Share Alike license as follows:

 Subscriber is responsible for all of its activity in connection with the Services and accessing the Network. Any fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity or any use of the Services or Content in violation of this Agreement may be grounds for termination of Subscriber’s right to Services or to access the Network. Subscriber may not post or transmit, or cause to be posted or transmitted, any communication or solicitation designed or intended to obtain password, account, or private information from any Network or Service user. Use of the Network or Services to violate the security of any computer network, crack passwords or security encryption codes, transfer or store illegal material including that are deemed threatening or obscene, or engage in any kind of illegal activity is expressly prohibited. Under no circumstances will Subscriber use the Network or the Service to (a) send unsolicited e-mails, bulk mail, spam or other materials to users of the Network or any other individual, (b) harass, threaten, stalk or abuse any person or party, including other users of the Network, (c) create a false identity or to impersonate another person, or (d) knowingly post any false, inaccurate or incomplete material. 
        When accessing the  ,  , or   sites ("AskUbuntu"), Subscriber will also abide by the most current Ubuntu Code of Conduct, which can be found at  , and is hereby incorporated by reference, but solely with regard to AskUbuntu.
         Stack Exchange has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to Subscriber. Subscriber acknowledges that Stack Exchange has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gains access to the Network; which Content Subscriber accesses via the Network; what effects the Content may have on Subscriber; how Subscriber may interpret or use the Content; or what actions Subscriber may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content. Much of the Content of the Network is provided by and is the responsibility of the user or subscriber who posted the Content. Stack Exchange does not monitor the Content of the Network and takes no responsibility for such Content. Subscriber releases Stack Exchange from all liability for Subscriber having acquired or not acquired Content through the Network. The Network may contain, or direct Subscriber to sites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. Stack Exchange makes no representations concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Network, and Stack Exchange will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Network. Although Stack Exchange and the Network will make reasonable efforts to store and preserve the material residing on the Network, neither Stack Exchange nor the Network is responsible or liable in any way for the failure to store, preserve or access Subscriber Content or other materials you transmit or archive on the Network. You are strongly urged to take measures to preserve copies of any data, material, content or information you post or upload on the Network. The Services, Content, Network and any Software are provided on an "as is" basis, without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. Stack Exchange makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to the Network, the Services, including any representation or warranty that the use of the Network or Services will (a) be timely, uninterrupted or error-free or operate in combination with any other hardware, software, system or data, (b) meet your requirements or expectations, (c) be free from errors or that defects will be corrected, (d) be free of viruses or other harmful components. To the fullest extent allowed by law, Stack Exchange disclaims any liability or responsibility for the accuracy, reliability, availability, completeness, legality or operability of the material or services provided on this Network. By using this Network, you acknowledge that Stack Exchange is not responsible or liable for any harm resulting from (1) use of the Network; (2) downloading information contained on the Network including but not limited to downloads of content posted by subscribers; (3) unauthorized disclosure of images, information or data that results from the upload, download or storage of content posted by subscribers; (4) the temporary or permanent inability to access or retrieve any Subscriber Content from the Network, including, without limitation, harm caused by viruses, worms, trojan horses, or any similar contamination or destructive program. Some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations may not apply to Subscriber. Users of the Network may gain access from the Network to third party sites on the Internet through hypertext or other computer links on the Network. Third party sites are not within the supervision or control of Stack Exchange or the Network. Unless explicitly otherwise provided, neither Stack Exchange nor the Network make any representation or warranty whatsoever about any third party site that is linked to the Network, or endorse the products or services offered on such site. Stack Exchange and the Network disclaim: (a) all responsibility and liability for content on third party websites and (b) any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) You might be requested to give any third party, and You hereby irrevocably waive any claim against the Network or Stack Exchange with respect to such sites and third party content. As a condition to using Services, Subscriber may be required to register with Stack Exchange and select a password and profile name. Subscriber shall provide Stack Exchange with accurate, complete, and updated registration information, including Subscriber’s e-mail address. Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of this Agreement, which may result in immediate termination of Subscriber's account. Subscriber may not (a) select or use as a profile name a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; or (b) use as a profile name a name subject to any rights of a person other than Subscriber without appropriate authorization. Stack Exchange reserves the right to refuse registration of, or cancel a profile name in its discretion. Subscriber shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Subscriber's  password. Subscriber is solely responsible for any use of or action taken under Subscriber’s password and accepts full responsibility for all activity conducted through Subscriber’s account and agrees to and hereby releases the Network and Stack Exchange from any and all liability concerning such activity. Subscriber agrees to notify Stack Exchange immediately of any actual or suspected loss, theft, or unauthorized use of Subscriber’s account or password. The Network will take reasonable security precautions when using the internet, telephone or other means to transport data or other communications, but expressly disclaims any and all liability for the accessing of any such data communications by unauthorized persons or entities. Subscriber will indemnify and hold Stack Exchange, its directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants, contractors, partners, vendors and service providers (including, without limitation, hosting and telecommunications providers) harmless, including costs and attorneys' fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of Subscriber’s access to the Network, use of the Services, the violation of this Agreement by Subscriber, or the infringement by Subscriber, or any third party using the Subscriber's account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. In no event shall Stack Exchange, its directors, officers, shareholders, employees, members, agents, consultants, contractors, partners, vendors and service providers (including, without limitation, hosting and telecommunications providers) be liable with respect to the Network or the Services for (a) any indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever; (b) damages for loss of use, profits, data, images, Subscriber Content or other intangibles; (c) damages for unauthorized use, non-performance of the Network, errors or omissions; or (d) damages related to downloading or posting Content. Stack Exchange's and the Network's collective liability under this agreement shall be limited to three hundred United States Dollars. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to Subscriber. Some of the Services require payment of fees. All fees are stated in U.S. dollars. Subscriber shall pay all applicable fees, as described on the Network in connection with such Services selected by Subscriber, and any related taxes or additional charges. All fees are non-refundable unless expressly stated otherwise on the Network. Subscriber represents to Stack Exchange that Subscriber is the authorized account holder or an authorized user of the chosen method of payment used to pay for the paid aspects of the Services. All fee-based Services and virtual goods are provided “AS IS” with no warranties of any kind. Stack Exchange may modify and/or eliminate such fee-based Services at its discretion. Subscriber understands and agrees that the payment for virtual goods grants Subscriber a limited license to use the virtual goods as specified on the Network. Stack Exchange may change its prices at any time but will provide you reasonable notice of any such changes by posting the new prices on the Network and by sending you email notification. If you do not wish to pay the new prices, you may cancel the services prior to the change going into effect. Either party may terminate the Services at any time by notifying the other party by any means. Stack Exchange may also terminate or suspend any and all Services and access to the Network immediately, without prior notice or liability, if Subscriber breaches any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement. Upon termination of Subscriber's account, Subscriber’s right to use the Services, access the Network, and any Content will immediately cease. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability. Termination of Your access to and use of the Network and the Services shall not relieve Subscriber of any obligations arising or accruing prior to such termination or limit any liability which Subscriber otherwise may have to Stack Exchange or the Network, including without limitation any indemnification obligations contained herein. Please  , which governs the use of personal information on the Network and to which Subscriber agrees to be bound as a user of the Network. This Agreement (including the Privacy Policy), as modified from time to time, constitutes the entire agreement between You, the Network and Stack Exchange with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding the subject matter hereof. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. Stack Exchange shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond Stack Exchange’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by Subscriber except with Stack Exchange’s prior written consent. Stack Exchange may assign this Agreement in whole or in part at any time without Subscriber’s consent. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and Subscriber does not have any authority of any kind to bind Stack Exchange in any respect whatsoever. Any notice to the Network that is required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon receipt, when sent by confirmed e-mail to team@stackexchange.com or when delivered in person by nationally recognized overnight courier or mailed by first class, registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to  Stack Exchange periodically appoints and elects moderators from the community. These moderators are bound by the Community Moderator Agreement ( ). Stack Exchange has adopted the following policy toward copyright infringement with respect to the Network in accordance with the  . The address of Stack Exchange's Designated Agent for copyright takedown notices (“Designated Agent”) is listed below. If You believe that content residing or accessible on the Network infringes a copyright, please send a notice of copyright infringement containing the following information to the Designated Agent at the address below (all received notices will be posted in full to  ): 
            A subscriber who believes they are the wrongful subject of a copyright takedown notice may file a counter notification with Stack Exchange by providing the 
            following items in writing to the Designated Agent at the address below (all received notices will be posted in full to  ):
         Upon receipt of a counterclaim, Stack Exchange will forward it to the party who submitted the original copyright infringement claim. The original complainant will then have 10 days to notify us that he or she has filed legal action relating to the allegedly infringing material. If Stack Exchange does not receive any such notification within 10 days, we may restore the material to the Network. 
          Copyright Agent 
        Stack Exchange Inc. 
        110 William St, 28th Floor 
        New York, NY 10038 
         
          +1 (212) 232-8280 
          +1 (212) 785-4578 
          dmca@stackexchange.com 
         
            If you are a U.S. government user or otherwise accessing or using any Stack Exchange service in a U.S. government capacity, this 
              shall apply to you.
         Thank you! 
                                 
                     
                     
                     
                 site design / logo © 2015 stack exchange, inc; user contributions licensed under   with I have more to do with cooking than you might think. 
Now let us discuss the ocean, try not to sink. 
Then between quizzes and sandwiches I like to rest. 
The beginning of eating, a feast is the best. 
Half the area is needed, we aren't quite done. 
We wrap up wondering if I am more than one. 
Now as you guess, know that I am quite small, 
Doesn't really matter if you are short or tall. 
Two types of clues to guess one type of me. 
What on the earth could I possibly be?    Hint 1:    Two types of clues implies that there are literal and wordplay clues.   Hint 2:    The wordplay begins early. Some clues are for a single letter, others for a string of them. Is it    Table salt? I have more to do with cooking than you might think.    We need salt for cooking   Now let us discuss the ocean, try not to sink.    Water in Ocean contains salt; the more it has the harder you can sink in it   Then between quizzes and sandwiches I like to rest.    Quizzes on a table, salt on a sandwiches   The beginning of eating, a feast is the best.    You add some table salt before you start eating   Half the area is needed, we aren't quite done.    We use half a table to eat? (this guess is weak)   We wrap up wondering if I am more than one.    A table salt bottle has many salt   Now as you guess, know that I am quite small,    Salt is tiny   Doesn't really matter if you are short or tall.    It is referring to the 'table'   Two types of clues to guess one type of me.    Clue on Table and Clue on Salt   What on the earth could I possibly be?    Table Salt! Could you be  a stomach? I have more to do with cooking than you might think.  The current state of your stomach (full, empty, partially full) directly affects what you want to cook. Now let us discuss the ocean, try not to sink.  the stomach is sort of like an ocean, with its stomach acid? Also sometimes people feel a sinking feeling in their stomach. Then between quizzes and sandwiches I like to rest.  butterflies in your stomach from a quiz, full stomach after eating a sandwich. The beginning of eating, a feast is the best.  Before you eat, you're the most hungry. Half the area is needed, we aren't quite done.  Stomachs can expand to twice their size as you eat more. We wrap up wondering if I am more than one.  Often people joke about having a second stomach for desserts. Now as you guess, know that I am quite small,  Stomachs are only about the size of a fist. Doesn't really matter if you are short or tall.  Height doesn't affect stomach size. Two types of clues to guess one type of me.  Honestly not sure about this one. What on the earth could I possibly be?   A stomach Second attempt (original below):  Ears I have more to do with cooking than you might think.  Ears of corn? Also cooking does make noise, especially frying or sauteing Now let us discuss the ocean, try not to sink.  You can hear the ocean in your ears Then between quizzes and sandwiches I like to rest.  your brain (which handles quizzes) is sandwiched between your ears The beginning of eating, a feast is the best.
Half the area is needed, we aren't quite done.
We wrap up wondering if I am more than one.  These three lines are the wordplay. "e" is the beginning of eating. "ar" is half of area, and we add an "s" to make it more than one. Still not sure about the "feast" part Now as you guess, know that I am quite small,
Doesn't really matter if you are short or tall.  Like my previous rationale, ears are small no matter what your height (though some people do have smaller/larger ears) Two types of clues to guess one type of me.
What on the earth could I possibly be? --- ORIGINAL GUESS ---
Here's an answer:  eyes I have more to do with cooking than you might think.  If food looks good it can have an effect on our appetite and desire to eat it Now let us discuss the ocean, try not to sink.  Haven't gotten this line yet Then between quizzes and sandwiches I like to rest.  Your eyes are between your brain (quizzes) and sandwiches (mouth) The beginning of eating, a feast is the best.  This gives you an "e", also your eyes can "feast" on a view Half the area is needed, we aren't quite done.  Area is x*y, so "y" is half of it (this part's shaky) We wrap up wondering if I am more than one.  "eyes" is a homonym for "I's" - are "I's" more than one person? Now as you guess, know that I am quite small,
Doesn't really matter if you are short or tall.  Eyes are a small part of the body, no matter your height Two types of clues to guess one type of me.
What on the earth could I possibly be?  We have the wordplay ones and the literal clues I think the answer is the word  EAT.  Well, obviously! After food has been cooked, it gets eaten.  Could be a reference to washing up in the   after eating?  This could be a very clever piece of wordplay that I haven't worked out.  The beginning of "eating" is the letter  .  Half of the letters in "area" are  s. Now how many words are there relevant to cookery that begin with the letters  EA? Right, so we have the answer. The next line is   clever...  "Wrap up" is a crossword-style clue that tells us we're looking for an anagram. EAT is an anagram of ATE, which is a homophone of EIGHT, which is indeed "more than one".  The word "eat" is quite small, only three letters.  You can eat no matter what your height may be.  The metaphor and wordplay sections of the riddle - see above.  The letters E, A, T are contained in the word "earth"! I have more to do with cooking than you might think.  Water? Heat? Now let us discuss the ocean, try not to sink.  Water Then between quizzes and sandwiches I like to rest.  and? The beginning of eating, a feast is the best.  eat?  As in (h)eat? Half the area is needed, we aren't quite done.   also (h)ea(t) We wrap up wondering if I am more than one.   heat and water? Now as you guess, know that I am quite small,  water molecules are small. heat is VERY small. Doesn't really matter if you are short or tall.  nope it doesn't.... Two types of clues to guess one type of me.  Water - steam ice? What on the earth could I possibly be?  I say:  steam I think the answer is  forearm Phone is out of battery will post rationale la--- 
By posting your answer, you agree to the   and  . asked viewed 
			                         
			                     active Get the  see an  
By subscribing, you agree to the   and  .